1;John;3;5;0;Except a man be born of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God;Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
2;John;3;16;0;For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son;For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
3;James;1;5;6;If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God;If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not and it shall be given him.  But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
4;Matthew;11;28;30;Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest;Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me for I am meek and lowly in heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
5;Matthew;5;14;16;Let your light so shine before men,; You are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.  Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.  Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
6;Matthew;11;28;30;Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest;Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.  Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls.  For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
7;Matthew;16;15;19;Jesus said, I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom;He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?  And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.  And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Bar-jona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.  And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.  And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
8;Luke;2;10;12;For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord;And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.  For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.  And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
9;John;3;5;0;Except a man be born of water, and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God;Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
10;Corinthians;6;19;20;Your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost;What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?  For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God’s.